one question I would have asked earlier. Well, I did, Huh? I will. That's
not something I was never shy about asking questions. And frankly,
I have been my my old man was a CV and World War two and my older
brother Waas, possibly five, at a neighbor's cat. And while the old
adage is never volunteer for anything in the military, one thing I
never found any hesitation. I never had any hesitation about asking
a few years. Ask me senior officer's questions because A they wanted
to buy you a beer. Now it is by your coffee, Okay, But you want to
go and ask a lot of questions because they have for gotten war. I have
gotten more than you have learned to date. So if anything and we
learned this mentoring session go as high students, there's somebody
out there they have made their mistakes, would like to pass that knowledge
on to you, and I would say, Do not be afraid to ask questions.
There are no dumb questions. They literally are dumb questions because
someone has done it and they don't want you to make a mistake
in the future.